why do you use some easier to wash well
maybe it's the bubbles they go up your
nose sometimes why don't you use your
pores like me I do but I like putting
soap on them
well it makes it easier to wash well
maybe it's the bub you already asked me
that
if this where she said yes is very dark
but - spider oh I really hate spiders
this is it what's this what are you
getting here you said we could come a
stay
did I I can't remember your tears in my
ear sorry if you wake him oh it's too
early mouse go back to bed it's awake oh
goodie morning kipper what what Mouse
hmm
morning kipper you're up early
do you all right fine
I bet there's lots of food up there I
can split
this looks much nicer hmm mouse no
surely not mouse have you been eating my
soap no well somebody has
mouse mouse laughs you've eaten a big
hole in my bread you've had big bites
out of my butter you've even been eating
my soap I thought we agreed it wasn't me
but it wasn't me
so lucky for you too hello kipper keeper
these are my cousins they've come to
stay I still can't tell which is which
I'm the one with the long tail and curly
whiskers and I'm the one with the long
whiskers and the curly tail so which of
you is Mouse then me come on I want to
show you around
it's my swimming pool Pat a cake Pat a
cake Baker's man bake me a cake as fast
as you can prick it and Pat it and Mark
it with B and put it in the oven for
baby and me Oh No mouse mouse
Oh No look at this mess now I'll stop it
Oh No do you think you could play on the
floor the grass walk yeah please
are you going to make any more well yeah
I suppose so hmm what what which one are
you
I'm aus I didn't get any sleep last
night
neither did I they've got to go what
will you tell them no morning rinca by
morning
I didn't sleep huh neither died and
you're out of food so um we're off bye
bye
you don't mind do you no not at all but
by it's nice just the two of us